12/02/21:
Started writing some of the classes for the final project. I have started writing the User inheritance tree, and I'm realizing that the planParty() function may be redundant.
I think my future plan is to initialize a Scanner in the main Class, and get all the input and just have an addParty() function that adds the party to the User's List.
I discovered that I could make the dressCode aspect of my program an interface. So I implemented that into the program.

12/04/21:
I continued writing the party classes. No real problems yet. I'm sure I'll have to make some adjustments when I come across anything I may have forgotten about. I'm realizing I need to focus on MVC
in my eventual final product because I wasn't thinking much about it when I was planning. I finished writing all the classes, and I plan on writing the final main program tomorrow.

12/05/21:
I wrote a lot of the major functionality of the program. Much of my time was spent trying to figure out how to write the objects into the .ser files. I realized that the objects had to implement
the java.io.Serializable interface, I implemented the interface in all the objects, and now it seems there's no problem with reading and writing the files.

I also realized that some of my data structures weren't the best choices. I made my guest maps for the parties have the emails of the guests as keys so that I could fill out the invite lists every 
time a user logged in very easily. Additionally, I put in the login, logout functionality as well as the register users. I tested the registered users function by running the program to see if 
the map data saved, and it worked! Also the login information accommodates for guests and only allows them to see if they have any invites and RSVP to them

This program is looking a lot like the other favorites homework, but there's a lot more backend manipulation of data structures. 

12/06/21:
I finished the RSVP function. There was no real problem in programming this part. All I had to do was iterate through an already made invites list, then check all of the instances 
and see if any specific modifications were needed for a specific party like asking for a food for potlucks. I plan on finishing the program in a day or two.

12/07/21:
I finished all of the remaining functions. One way or another, I managed to get all the basic functionality of the program out of the way. However, I'm running into bugs with the RSVP feature. It turns out I wrote my Party
classes super hastily, so I need to look over those mistakes again. It's really annoying, but it's coming along well. Things that are working: login, logout, plan party, register, adding parties to invite lists, saving data 
structures to file. Things that need fixing: RSVPing, printing current parties for hosts function should be written.

I wrote a new function to print out the guest lists and the parties planned. Also, I fixed any bugs in the program. Now, I just need to fix the toString() for all of the parties and we'll be set.
Some more testing, and I should be ready to submit.